Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing. - Pelé
There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vidal Sassoon
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
Dreams don't work unless you do. - John C. Maxwell
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Gordon B. Hinckley
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. - Tim Notke
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. - Jim Rohn
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Will Durant
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. - Bruce Lee
Discipline equals freedom. - Jocko Willink
Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability. - Roy L. Smith
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim Ryun
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
If you are working on something you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. - Steve Jobs
Love what you do. Do what you love. - Ray Bradbury
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you. - Oprah Winfrey
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. - Benjamin Franklin
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
After all, tomorrow is another day. - Margaret Mitchell
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week. - Spanish proverb
Do not wait; the time will never be just right. Start where you stand. - Napoleon Hill
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Japanese proverb
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas Edison
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality. - Bruce Lee
Until death, all defeat is psychological. - Attribution uncertain
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never. - Winston Churchill
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. - Walter Elliot
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. - Thomas Paine
A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence. - Jim Watkins
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms, to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. - Viktor Frankl
Man is condemned to be free. - Jean-Paul Sartre
I think, therefore I am. - René Descartes
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
One must imagine Sisyphus happy. - Albert Camus
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. - Søren Kierkegaard
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. - Henry David Thoreau
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life. - Henry David Thoreau
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us. - J.R.R. Tolkien
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. - Marcus Aurelius
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. - Seneca
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the views which they take of them. - Epictetus
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. - Martin Luther King Jr.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
We are made of star-stuff. - Carl Sagan
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself. - Carl Sagan
If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. - Lao Tzu
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. - The Buddha (Dhammapada)
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov
It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done. - Charles Dickens
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. - Charles Dickens
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. - James Baldwin
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans. - Allen Saunders
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. - Kurt Vonnegut
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts. - William Bruce Cameron
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. - Ian Maclaren
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players. - William Shakespeare
To be, or not to be, that is the question. - William Shakespeare
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. - Louisa May Alcott
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. - Marie Curie
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country. - John F. Kennedy
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. - Neil Armstrong
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt